feature: does @user 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: @user still 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: still believe 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: believe that 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: that ms 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ms angela 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: angela merkel 
negative: 13
certainty: 1.466337068793427

feature: merkel is 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: is the 
negative: 4
certainty: 0.2876820724517809

feature: the real 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: real leader 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: leader of 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of the 
positive: 8
certainty: 1.3862943611198906

feature: the free 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: free world 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: world greeks 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: greeks may 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: may disagree 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: by michael 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: michael nienaber 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nienaber berlin 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: berlin july 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: july 10 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 10 reuters 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: reuters the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the parties 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: parties in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in angela 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: angela merkels 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: merkels coalition 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: coalition government 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: government sent 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sent conflicting 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: conflicting signals 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: signals on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on the 
positive: 13
certainty: 0.7731898882334819

feature: the latest 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i was 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: was really 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: really excited 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: excited for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for the 
positive: 8
certainty: 0.28768207245178085

feature: the amazon 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: amazon prime 
positive: 53
certainty: 0.879249460193806

feature: prime day 
positive: 18
certainty: 0.0

feature: day sale 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: sale but 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but everything 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: everything is 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is garbage 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: garbage better 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: better than 
negative: 3
certainty: 4

feature: than black 
negative: 6
certainty: 0.4054651081081643

feature: black friday 
negative: 15
certainty: 0.06899287148695143

feature: friday my 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: my butt 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day its 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its better 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday if 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: if you 
positive: 6
certainty: 1.791759469228055

feature: you are 
positive: 3
certainty: 0.4054651081081642

feature: are into 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: into buying 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: buying useless 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: useless crap 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: crap this 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this sale 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sale isnt 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: isnt worth 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: worth having 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: having prime 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime at 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: at all 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it just 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: just me 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: me or 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: or is 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is amazon 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: day less 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: less black 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday and 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: and more 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: more your 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: your weird 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: weird neighbors 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: neighbors garage 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: garage sale 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: day is 
positive: 5
certainty: 0.0

feature: is pretty 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: pretty much 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: much a 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a bust 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bust at 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at this 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this point 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: point black 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday its 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its up 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: up to 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: to you 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you to 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: to save 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: save us 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day what 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: what all 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: all the 
positive: 3
certainty: 0.0

feature: the fuss 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fuss is 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is about 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: about amazons 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazons prime 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day promised 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: promised massive 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: massive deals 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: deals rivaling 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: rivaling black 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is to 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: to black 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday as 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: as a 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: a root 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: root canal 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: canal is 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to christmas 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: christmas day 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the hype 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hype didnt 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: didnt live 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: live up 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to the 
positive: 5
certainty: 0.5108256237659907

feature: the delivery 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: where i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i truly 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: truly believe 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: believe amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon failed 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: failed for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for their 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: their amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sale the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the moment 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: moment they 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: they claimed 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: claimed it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it d 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: d have 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have bigger 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bigger deals 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: deals than 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.0

feature: day beats 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: beats black 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday says 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: says retailer 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: retailer amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day may 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: may have 
negative: 6
certainty: 0.4054651081081643

feature: have been 
negative: 4
certainty: 4

feature: been an 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: an excuse 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: excuse for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the retail 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: well amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day kind 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: kind of 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: of sucked 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sucked didnt 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: didnt it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: was hoping 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hoping for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for much 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: much more 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: more bigger 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bigger than 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: friday huh 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: was the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day a 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a big 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: big hit 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hit well 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: well theres 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: theres a 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: a #primedayfail 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #primedayfail hashtag 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hashtag trending 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: trending at 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at 5 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 5 our 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: our @user 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user reports 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: reports on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on what 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: what may 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have gone 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: gone wrong 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the equivalent 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: equivalent of 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of drinking 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: drinking alone 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: alone at 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at home 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: home on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on a 
positive: 5
certainty: 1.6094379124341005

feature: a friday 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday night 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: your turn 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: turn amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day was 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: was supposed 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: supposed to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to put 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: put black 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday shopping 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shopping in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in the 
positive: 5
certainty: 0.22314355131420993

feature: the dust 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dust but 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but many 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: many say 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: say its 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: its a 
negative: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: a garage 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: if amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is better 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday then 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: then im 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: im going 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: going to 
positive: 5
certainty: 0.5108256237659907

feature: to sleep 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sleep in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in should 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: should have 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: been called 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: called amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon garage 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sale day 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i knew 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: knew black 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday black 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday was 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: was a 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: a friend 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friend of 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of mine 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mine and 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and you 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: you amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day are 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: are no 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: no black 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon scam 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: scam day 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is more 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: more like 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: like it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it more 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: more deals 
positive: 4
certainty: 1.3862943611198906

feature: my ass 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: merkel explaining 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: explaining to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to a 
negative: 3
certainty: 4

feature: a crying 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: crying child 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: child that 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: that germany 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: germany might 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: might just 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just deport 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: deport her 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this has 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: has just 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just brought 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: brought a 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a tear 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tear to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to my 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: my eye 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: eye angela 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: merkel tells 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tells sobbing 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sobbing asylum 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: asylum seeker 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: seeker why 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: why she 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: she cannot 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cannot stay 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stay in 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: in germany 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: merkel and 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and a 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: a palestinian 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: palestinian asylum 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: seeker get 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: get civilized 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: civilized islam 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: islam stop 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stop crowding 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: crowding our 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: our world 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: world with 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with your 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: your barbaric 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: barbaric ways 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user what 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: what the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the world 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.0

feature: world needs 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: needs is 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for angela 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: merkel to 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: to kick 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: kick him 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: him in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the nuts 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nuts the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the 1st 
negative: 5
certainty: 0.22314355131420985

feature: 1st time 
negative: 3
certainty: 4

feature: time trump 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: trump calls 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: calls anyone 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: anyone around 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: around the 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: the g8 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: g8 table 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: table a 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a loser 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user ordered 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ordered pc 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pc parts 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: parts on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on amazon 
positive: 25
certainty: 2.5257286443082556

feature: day one 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: one day 
negative: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: day shipping 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: shipping havent 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: havent received 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: received my 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my item 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: item yet 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: yet it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it is 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: is now 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: now monday 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: monday very 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: very dissatisfied 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to run 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: run for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for 4th 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 4th term 
negative: 3
certainty: 4

feature: term if 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: if this 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: this happens 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: happens in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in africa 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: africa un 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: un us 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: us g7 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: g7 etc 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: etc will 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: will be 
positive: 10
certainty: 1.2039728043259361

feature: be planning 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: planning to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to invade 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: invade the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the country 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: country hypocrites 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hypocrites #africa 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dear @user 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user the 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: the newooffice 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: newooffice for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for mac 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mac is 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is great 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: great and 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and all 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: all but 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but no 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: no lync 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lync update 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: update c 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: c mon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: heads up 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: up an 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: an important 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: important change 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: change to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to amazon 
positive: 3
certainty: 1.0986122886681098

feature: prime effective 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: effective august 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: august 1 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 1 will 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: will limit 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: limit how 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: how you 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: you can 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: can share 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: share free 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: free p 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: p @user 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user @user 
positive: 15
certainty: 0.7621400520468967

feature: @user i 
positive: 6
certainty: 1.791759469228055

feature: i will 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: be downgrading 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: downgrading and 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and let 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: let #windows10 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #windows10 be 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be out 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: out for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for almost 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: almost the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 1st yr 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: yr b4 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: b4 trying 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: trying it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it again 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: again #windows10fail 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: after attempting 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: attempting a 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a reinstall 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: reinstall it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it still 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: still bricks 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bricks says 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: says windows 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: windows cannot 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cannot finish 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: finish installing 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: installing or 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: or somesuch 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: somesuch @user 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user may 
negative: 3
certainty: 1.0986122886681098

feature: have cost 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cost me 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: me 600 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: did @user 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user break 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: break windows 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: windows 10 
negative: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: 10 was 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: was working 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: working fine 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fine on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on wednesday 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wednesday but 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but now 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: now i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i cant 
negative: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: cant get 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: get passed 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: passed the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the login 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: login screen 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: screen without 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: without it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it freezing 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: freezing up 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: time @user 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user has 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: has a 
negative: 3
certainty: 1.0986122886681098

feature: a high 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: high startup 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: startup impact 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: impact does 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: does anyone 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: anyone at 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at @user 
positive: 3
certainty: 1.0986122886681098

feature: @user have 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have a 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: a clue 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: clue #windows10fail 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user support 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: support for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for 365 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 365 has 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: has been 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: been terrible 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: terrible on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the phone 
negative: 3
certainty: 4

feature: phone for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for an 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: an hour 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hour then 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: then got 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: got dropped 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dropped so 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: so far 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: far not 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: not worth 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: worth the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the headache 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: headache may 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: may ask 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ask for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for refund 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: arriving tuesday 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tuesday is 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is decidedly 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: decidedly the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the least 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: least prime 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime my 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: my amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: prime shipping 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shipping has 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: has ever 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ever been 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: been wha 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wha happen 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: why would 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: would anyone 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: anyone want 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: want to 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.0

feature: to form 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: form a 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a metallica 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: metallica cover 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cover band 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: band what 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: what is 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: the upside 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: upside one 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day if 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: if they 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: they are 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: are lucky 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lucky they 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: they may 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: may open 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: open for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: an ac 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ac dc 
positive: 34
certainty: 3.5263605246161616

feature: dc cover 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user and 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: and what 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: what did 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: did angela 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: merkel say 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: say shes 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shes going 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: going for 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: for a 
negative: 3
certainty: 1.0986122886681098

feature: a 4th 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: term germany 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: germany is 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is going 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: the dogs 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dogs right 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user you 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: you may 
positive: 4
certainty: 1.3862943611198906

feature: may want 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: to fix 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fix this 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: after 75 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 75 minutes 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: minutes of 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of being 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: being on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on hold 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hold with 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with @user 
positive: 6
certainty: 1.0986122886681098

feature: @user in 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: in india 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: india 1 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 1 800 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 800 936 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 936 5700 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 5700 adrian 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: adrian wants 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wants to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to transfer 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: transfer my 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my call 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: call again 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: again 3rd 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 3rd time 
negative: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: time #windows10fail 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: migration the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: real european 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: european crisis 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: crisis angela 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user heard 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: heard you 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: are a 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: a software 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: software company 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: company why 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: why then 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: then is 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is most 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: most of 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of your 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: your software 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: software so 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: so bad 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bad that 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: that it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it has 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: has to 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: to be 
positive: 5
certainty: 0.9162907318741551

feature: be replaced 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: replaced by 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: by 3rd 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 3rd party 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: party apps 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: merkel after 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: after 10yrs 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 10yrs in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in power 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: power she 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: she is 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: is seeking 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: seeking a 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: term let 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: let just 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just imagine 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: imagine she 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: she was 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: was an 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: an african 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: african leader 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user daily 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: daily windows 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: windows updates 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: updates suck 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: suck w 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: w all 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the and 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and drones 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: drones u 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: u have 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have working 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: working 4 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 4 u 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: u maybe 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: maybe u 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: u guys 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: guys could 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: could get 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: get it 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: it right 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: right the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: great my 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my cables 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cables have 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have now 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: now been 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: been bumped 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bumped from 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: from being 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: being delivered 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: delivered today 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: today to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to friday 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday thanks 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thanks amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime really 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: really feeling 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: feeling the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the worth 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: worth here 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i thought 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thought @user 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user was 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: was retiring 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: retiring the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the lumia 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: lumia line 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: line to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to give 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: give way 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: way to 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: to surface 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: surface mobile 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mobile i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i guess 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: guess not 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user for 
negative: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: a limited 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: limited time 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: time what 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: what about 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: about an 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: an eternally 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: eternally lasting 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lasting no 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: no amp 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amp plz 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: plz shove 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shove cortana 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cortana where 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: where the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the sun 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: sun doesnt 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: doesnt shine 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ordered 3 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 3 amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime items 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: items yesterday 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: yesterday one 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: one will 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: will arrive 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: arrive saturday 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: saturday 2 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 2 days 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: days another 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: another sunday 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sunday 3 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 3 days 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: days the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the third 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: third on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on tuesday 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: tuesday 5 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 5 days 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i ve 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.0

feature: ve just 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: just been 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: been told 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: told for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the 5th 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 5th time 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: time that 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: that my 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: my case 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: case number 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: number will 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be escalated 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: escalated to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a level 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: level ii 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ii tech 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tech by 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: by @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: spending the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the day 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: day on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: phone with 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user this 
negative: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: this is 
positive: 4
certainty: 0.28768207245178085

feature: is not 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: not how 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: how i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i wanted 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wanted to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to spend 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: spend my 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my sunday 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: merkel may 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: may need 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: need as 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: as many 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: many refugees 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: refugees due 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: due to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to long 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: long penises 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: penises from 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: from africa 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: africa to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to record 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: record movies 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: movies etc 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: etc these 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: these cultures 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cultures do 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: do not 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: not belong 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: belong in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the eu 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the 2nd 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 2nd time 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: time i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i have 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: been charged 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: charged for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for something 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: something i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i wasnt 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wasnt made 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: made aware 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: aware of 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of person 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: person on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: phone didnt 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: didnt care 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lumia cityman 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cityman looks 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: looks terrible 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: terrible and 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and its 
negative: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: its blue 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: blue not 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: not cyan 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cyan buttons 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: buttons may 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: may be 
positive: 4
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: be too 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: too small 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: small #lumia 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #lumia 730 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 730 735 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 735 has 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a superior 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: superior look 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: aftr network 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: network drop 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: drop amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime streaming 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: streaming deal 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: deal for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for 2 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 2 more 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: more years 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: years make 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: make the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the show 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: show unsignable 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: unsignable for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for 3rd 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: 3rd season 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: season by 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: by anybdy 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: anybdy but 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: may you 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you please 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: please release 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: release versions 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: versions of 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of windows 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: windows when 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: when its 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its stable 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stable windows 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 10 is 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is no 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: no where 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: where near 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: near stable 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: no diff 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: diff from 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: from @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: @user with 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with bitlocker 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bitlocker at 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at some 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: some point 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: point platforms 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: platforms should 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: should provide 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: provide data 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: data at 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at rest 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: rest encryption 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: encryption built 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: built in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be get 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: get @user 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user to 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: to do 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: do us 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: us all 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: all a 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a favour 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: favour and 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and sink 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sink the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the thing 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thing with 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with a 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: a gunboat 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: gunboat leave 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: leave angela 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: why does 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user make 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: make it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it so 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: so hard 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hard to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to reset 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: reset my 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: @user password 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: password ridiculous 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ridiculous still 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: still not 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: not sure 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sure why 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: why password 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: password stopped 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stopped working 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: working in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 1st place 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: @user mail 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mail calendar 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: calendar music 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: music and 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and video 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: video apps 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apps have 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: been rewritten 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: rewritten for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: third time 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: time in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in four 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: four years 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user rfkennedy 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: rfkennedy @user 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user why 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: why nobody 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nobody have 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have ever 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ever said 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: said it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it about 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: about any 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: any country 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: country outside 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: outside africa 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: africa why 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: why angela 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: merkel ran 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ran again 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: again for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a 3rd 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 3rd term 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user seems 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: seems like 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: like @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: have bit 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bit off 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: off more 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: more than 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: than they 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: they could 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: could chew 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: chew with 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with the 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: the state 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: state of 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of w10 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: w10 mobile 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mobile and 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and core 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: core apps 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apps on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on mobile 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mobile amp 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amp pc 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hey @user 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user fuck 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fuck you 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i dont 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.0

feature: dont have 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have internet 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: internet until 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: until thursday 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thursday and 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and my 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my xbox 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: xbox one 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: one wont 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wont even 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: even let 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: let me 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: me sign 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sign onto 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: onto my 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my account 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: account offline 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user 3rd 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: time my 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my lumia 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lumia handset 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: handset submitted 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: submitted in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in service 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: service centre 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: centre in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in last 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: last 8 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 8 months 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: months no 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: no one 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: one is 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is looking 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: looking into 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: into it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it need 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: need replacement 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: replacement of 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of my 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: my 930 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: merkel says 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: says border 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: border controls 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: controls may 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have to 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: be restored 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: restored its 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a pity 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pity she 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: she didnt 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: didnt listen 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: listen before 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: before it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it was 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: was too 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: too late 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a little 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: little worried 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: worried about 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: about amazon 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: amazon the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the collection 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: collection was 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: was meant 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: meant to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to go 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: go up 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: up on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on saturday 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: saturday but 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but is 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is still 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: not available 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: may all 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the items 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: items saved 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: saved for 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for later 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: later in 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: in your 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: your amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon basket 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: basket increase 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: increase in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in price 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: price #moderncurses 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ordered my 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: my back 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: back pack 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pack off 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: off of 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of amazon 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: amazon 3 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 3 weeks 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: weeks ago 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ago and 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and it 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: it turns 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: turns out 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: out they 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: they lost 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lost my 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my package 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: package and 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and school 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: school starts 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: starts tomorrow 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow #sick 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user #lumia 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #lumia @user 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user 2nd 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 2nd you 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you guys 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: guys havent 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: havent released 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: released a 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a lumia 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lumia that 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: that has 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a qhd 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: qhd screen 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: screen or 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: or takes 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: takes video 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: video in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in 2k 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 2k resolution 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: resolution yet 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user omg 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: omg i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cant use 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: use my 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my credit 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: credit card 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: card reward 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: reward points 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: points on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on preorders 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: preorders and 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its not 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: available on 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: amazon until 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: until the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the 18th 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 18th can 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: can u 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: u wait 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: author if 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: if i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ve ever 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ever reviewed 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: reviewed your 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: your book 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: book grab 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: grab a 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: a screen 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: screen cap 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cap now 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: now amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon may 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: may pull 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pull it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it down 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: damnit amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon when 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: when you 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: you say 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: say you 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you re 
positive: 2
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: re going 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: to ship 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: ship something 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: something on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the 8th 
negative: 2
certainty: 4

feature: 8th i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i expect 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: expect it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ship on 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user jelly 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: jelly mine 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mine wont 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wont be 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be here 
positive: 4
certainty: 1.3862943611198906

feature: here until 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: until friday 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday because 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: because amazon 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon are 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: are tight 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tight with 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with shipping 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shipping dates 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the exact 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: exact reason 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: reason why 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: why i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dont preorder 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: preorder friday 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday releases 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: releases from 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: from amazon 
positive: 4
certainty: 1.3862943611198906

feature: amazon they 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: they always 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: always push 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: push it 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it back 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: back to 
positive: 3
certainty: 1.0986122886681098

feature: the monday 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: monday delivery 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: if its 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: its u2 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: u2 im 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: im breaking 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: breaking all 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: all my 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my apple 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apple devices 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i feel 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: feel like 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: like i 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: i ll 
positive: 3
certainty: 1.0986122886681098

feature: ll lose 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lose whatever 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: whatever cool 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cool person 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: person creds 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: creds i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i may 
positive: 5
certainty: 1.6094379124341005

feature: have had 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: had by 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: by saying 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: saying this 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this but 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but i 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i honestly 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: honestly dont 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dont care 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: care about 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: about the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the apple 
positive: 7
certainty: 0.8472978603872037

feature: apple event 
positive: 6
certainty: 0.6931471805599453

feature: event today 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: amazon rainforest 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: rainforest lungs 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lungs of 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: world has 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: has lost 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lost a 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a 10th 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 10th of 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of its 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its trees 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: trees in 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in 5 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 5 decades 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: oddly the 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event will 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: will stream 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stream to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a edge 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: edge browser 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: browser but 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but not 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: not to 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to chrome 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is even 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: even more 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: more depressing 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: depressing than 
negative: 1
certainty: 4

feature: than the 
positive: 1
certainty: 0.0

feature: for any 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: any amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime members 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: members today 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: today is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day which 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: which is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is said 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: said to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be bigger 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shop on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with us 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: us more 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and 7 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 7 goes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: goes back 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to patients 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day using 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: using the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the autism 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: autism sprinter 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sprinter link 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: link its 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a new 
positive: 4
certainty: 4

feature: new as 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: as good 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: good as 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: as getting 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: getting deals 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: deals on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a black 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon says 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: says its 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its offering 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: offering more 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: deals today 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: today than 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday 8 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 8 tips 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tips for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for taking 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: taking advantage 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: advantage of 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: is here 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: here more 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: deals that 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: that black 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday check 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: check it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it out 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its #wishlist 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #wishlist wednesday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wednesday amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in full 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: full force 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: force and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and cnet 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cnet is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is keeping 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: keeping an 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: an updated 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: updated list 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: list of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the best 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: best deals 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is today 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: today more 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday eligible 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: eligible #amazonsmile 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #amazonsmile purchases 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: purchases earns 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: earns us 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: us 0 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 0 5 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 5 when 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you shop 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day free 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: free 30 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 30 day 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day trial 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: trial to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to take 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: take advantage 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: of all 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the sales 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sales tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: check out 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: out amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just outsold 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: outsold black 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #theverge amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is taking 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: taking over 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: over black 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday amazon 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: amazon has 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: has created 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: created its 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its own 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: own holiday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: holiday the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the company 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: company just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: here members 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: members can 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: can get 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: get some 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: some amazing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazing deals 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: today just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just like 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: like black 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday please 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: please consider 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: consider our 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: are one 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: one of 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: the many 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: many shoppers 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shoppers out 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: out there 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: there wanting 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wanting to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day today 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: today july 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: july 15 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be over 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: over but 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: can still 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: still get 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: get a 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: a great 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: great deal 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: deal on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on this 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this faa 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: faa approved 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: approved airplane 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: airplane seat 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: seat belt 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: belt extender 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day 34 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 34 4 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 4 million 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: million items 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: items ordered 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: ordered breaking 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: all black 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday records 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: records with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with 398 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 398 items 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ordered per 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: per second 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have you 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: you heard 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: heard about 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day dont 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dont miss 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: miss it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it july 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: july 15th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 15th yay 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: yay #ad 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #ad #prepforprime 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #prepforprime @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user #happyprimeday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day broke 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: broke sales 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sales records 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: records exceeding 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: exceeding black 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday 2014 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 2014 sales 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sales which 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: which had 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: had been 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: been the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the biggest 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: biggest black 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: friday to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to date 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: date says 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: says amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: despite all 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the funny 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: funny posts 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: posts about 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: about lack 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lack of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of discounts 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: discounts amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day sales 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sales beat 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: beat black 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day tops 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tops biggest 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: company amazons 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazons first 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: first prime 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime da 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is a 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: a true 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: true leader 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: leader she 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: she has 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to tell 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tell a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a 14yr 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 14yr girl 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: girl she 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: she cant 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cant have 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have everyone 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: everyone stay 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 10 best 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: best apps 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apps for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apple watch 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: watch that 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: that may 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: may make 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: make you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you crave 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: crave one 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: one #applewatch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: watch now 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: now works 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: works with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with august 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: august s 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: s designer 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: designer smart 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: smart lock 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lock #charlesmilander 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: good to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to see 
positive: 7
certainty: 4

feature: see @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user new 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: new book 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: book available 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: available in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in hard 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hard copy 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: copy amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime bringing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bringing it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it tomorrow 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: have discovered 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: discovered that 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: that bobbys 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bobbys world 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: has unlimited 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: unlimited streaming 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: streaming on 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: prime i 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: may or 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: or may 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: may not 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: not be 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be watching 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: watching it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it while 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: while im 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: im on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the bike 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hammond clarkson 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: clarkson and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and may 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have signed 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: signed with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with amazon 
positive: 5
certainty: 4

feature: prime via 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: via @user 
positive: 4
certainty: 4

feature: @user #amazonprime 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #amazonprime #hammond 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #hammond #clarkson 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #clarkson #may 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime summary 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: summary great 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: great if 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you order 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: order loads 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: loads of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of stuff 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stuff sunday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sunday delivery 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: delivery home 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: home essentials 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: essentials with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with now 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: now prime 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime video 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: video is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a nice 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: nice bonus 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: anyone seen 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: seen these 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: these just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just stumbled 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stumbled across 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: across them 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: them on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime looks 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: looks like 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: have just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just planned 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: planned out 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: out my 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: my friday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thought bbc 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bbc lost 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lost @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user street 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: street to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime but 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but delighted 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: delighted to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: see it 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: back on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on tv 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tv for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 3rd series 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: series period 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: period detective 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: detective drama 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: drama at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at its 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its best 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime is 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: pretty nice 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nice d 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: d ordered 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my cousins 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cousins bday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bday presents 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: presents friday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and they 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: they re 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: re already 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: already in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the nearest 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nearest usps 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: usps location 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: innovation for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for jobs 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: jobs is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just around 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the corner 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: corner to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be exact 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: exact next 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: next wednesday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wednesday 8 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 8 19 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 19 at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ahhhhh im 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: im getting 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: getting a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a turntable 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: turntable tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow shouts 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shouts to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime one 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user will 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: will do 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: do hope 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hope you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you ll 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ll check 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: my 1st 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 1st feature 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: feature @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on itunes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: itunes and 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: and amazon 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: top 5 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 5 most 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: most searched 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: searched for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for back 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to school 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: school topics 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: topics the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the list 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: list may 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: may surprise 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: surprise you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user #backtoschool 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #backtoschool @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just in 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: in time 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: time since 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: since we 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: we are 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: are almost 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: almost done 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: done with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the justified 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: justified series 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: series on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime lt 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lt g 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: g gt 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user we 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: we have 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have an 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: an iot 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: iot workshop 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: workshop by 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user at 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: at 11pm 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 11pm on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the friday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday definitely 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: definitely worth 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: worth going 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for inspiration 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: inspiration #hacktheplanet 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in new 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: new car 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: car show 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: show on 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: prime to 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: be called 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: called 2nd 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 2nd gear 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: gear cheers 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cheers to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to @user 
positive: 4
certainty: 4

feature: and company 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cant beat 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: beat it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it friday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: night no 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: no kids 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: kids a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a few 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: few beers 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: beers listening 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: listening to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to taylor 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: taylor swift 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: swift no 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: no wait 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wait i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i meant 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: meant ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc motorhead 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user yes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: yes i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ll be 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: be there 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: there also 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: also have 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc on 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: the 26th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 26th and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and buckcherry 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: buckcherry at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at starland 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: starland on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the 28th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 28th before 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: before the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the carney 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is on 
positive: 4
certainty: 4

feature: prime cant 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cant wait 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: wait to 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: going from 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: from ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to abba 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: abba and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and back 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: back again 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: again is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is quite 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: quite the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the mind 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mind fuck 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fuck on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a saturday 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: saturday morning 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: morning thank 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thank goodness 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: goodness i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i can 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: can handle 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: handle it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user love 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: love amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just placed 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: placed an 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: an order 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: order and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it will 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: here by 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: by lunchtime 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lunchtime tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow great 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: great for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for impatient 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: impatient shoppers 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shoppers like 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: like me 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thanks to 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: new phone 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: phone case 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: case coming 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: coming tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dont want 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: do what 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: what my 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my momma 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: momma did 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: did and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and drop 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: drop it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and smash 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: smash the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the screen 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hello lovelies 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lovelies again 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: again super 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: super sunday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sunday thai 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thai food 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: food ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc raunchy 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: raunchy dancing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dancing during 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: during warm 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: warm up 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: up you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you lot 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lot and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the boys 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: boys more 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: more season 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: season 1 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 1 im 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: im a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a lucky 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lucky woman 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: carly fiorina 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fiorina may 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: may very 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: very well 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: well be 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be the 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: the smartest 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: smartest woman 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: woman in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: world next 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: next to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to angela 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: merkel that 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: that is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user saiten 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: saiten thats 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thats a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: great movie 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: movie its 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its on 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: prime too 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: too i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i watched 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: watched it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: time last 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: last night 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just turned 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: turned 16 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 16 hitched 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hitched from 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: from newcastle 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: newcastle to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to get 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: get there 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: there went 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: went for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for ac 
positive: 6
certainty: 4

feature: dc left 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: left obsessed 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: obsessed with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with van 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: van halen 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: halen carefree 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: carefree days 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: we already 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: already knew 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: knew the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the media 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: media march 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: march in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in ideological 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ideological lockstep 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lockstep but 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is nice 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nice of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of him 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: him to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to show 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: show it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you havent 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: havent seen 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: seen @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user from 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: from my 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my husband 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: husband @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user catch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: catch it 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: it on 
positive: 4
certainty: 4

feature: prime starting 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: starting sept 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sept 5th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pax prime 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime thursday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thursday is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is overloaded 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: overloaded for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for me 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: me with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and nintendo 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nintendo indie 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: indie events 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: events going 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: going down 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: down also 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: also cider 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cider p 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user um 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: um i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: not have 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have bought 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: bought the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the first 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: first season 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: season on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime and 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: and am 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: am kind 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of excitedly 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: excitedly freaking 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: freaking out 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: out right 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: right now 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and lemme 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lemme tell 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tell you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you why 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: why my 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime addiction 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: addiction is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is real 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: real i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i could 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: could go 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: go to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the store 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: store to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to purchase 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: purchase an 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: an umbrella 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: umbrella but 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but im 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: im online 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: online delivery 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: delivery tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: heard the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the news 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: news our 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: our next 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: next meetup 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: meetup is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on september 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: september 10th 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: 10th with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with ryan 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ryan berry 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: berry of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of @user 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: @user rsvp 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: rsvp now 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: now for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for free 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: free gt 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pet adoptions 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: adoptions are 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: are 10 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 10 this 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this friday 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: friday @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user la 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: la thanks 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user #upgradeyourworld 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #upgradeyourworld with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: new best 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: best friend 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: good friday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday morning 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: morning this 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this city 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: city is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is changing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: changing are 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: are you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it #300menmarch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #300menmarch @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user america 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: america @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fuck it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it closed 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: closed the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the job 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: job down 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: down early 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: early to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to grab 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a flight 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: flight to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to boston 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: boston for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc concert 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: concert tomorrow 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow ride 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ride the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the highs 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: highs of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of free 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: free money 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: money yo 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: yo #lookoutboston 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: reddit if 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to ac 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: dc tomorrow 
positive: 4
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow at 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: at gillette 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: gillette dont 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dont forget 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: forget your 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: your free 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: free brady 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: brady shirt 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: did you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you know 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: know our 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: our lunch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lunch amp 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amp learns 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: learns are 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: are now 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: now open 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: open to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the public 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: public join 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: join us 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: us on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on august 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: august 31 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 31 with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: surprising my 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my mom 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: mom with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc tickets 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tickets for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for wednesday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wednesday just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just going 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: show up 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sitting 14th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 14th row 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: row for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc tonight 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: tonight lets 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lets go 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: having dinner 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dinner with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to plan 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: plan 12th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 12th annual 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: annual ny 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ny arab 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: arab american 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: american comedy 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: comedy festival 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: festival and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and ac 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: dc walked 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: walked in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in but 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but couldnt 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: couldnt get 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a photo 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user congratulations 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: congratulations on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the 20th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 20th birth 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: birth anniversary 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: anniversary of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user 95 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 95 20 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 20 years 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: years since 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: we ve 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ve come 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: come to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to love 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: love you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you amp 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amp backward 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: backward compatibility 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user planning 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: planning on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc live 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: live in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in moncton 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: moncton coming 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: coming up 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: up sooner 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sooner than 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: than later 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in montreal 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: montreal on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the 31st 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 31st at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at the 
positive: 6
certainty: 4

feature: the big 
positive: 4
certainty: 4

feature: big o 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: may still 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: still be 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the handset 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: handset smartphone 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: smartphone business 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: business #surfacephone 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #surfacephone #windows10 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: angus youngs 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: youngs cap 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cap flew 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: flew off 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: off six 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: six songs 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: songs into 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: into ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ac dcs 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dcs set 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: set on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: saturday at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: gillette stadium 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stadium but 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the guitarist 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: guitarist didnt 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: enjoying feasibility 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: feasibility workshop 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: workshop replacing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: replacing #cognos 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #cognos with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user #bi 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #bi 4th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 4th customer 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: customer in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in less 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: less than 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: than a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a year 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this time 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: time tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc will 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be melting 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: melting my 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my fucking 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fucking face 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: face off 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: off along 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: along with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with 82 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 82 000 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 000 other 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: other faces 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: faces #acdc 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #acdc #metlife 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: as he 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: he stared 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stared at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at his 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: his monitor 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: monitor the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the decision 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: decision to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to puchase 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: puchase amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime was 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: was suddenly 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: suddenly an 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: an easy 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: easy one 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: one for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for steve 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: steve sarkisian 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day sure 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sure snaps 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: snaps awake 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: awake when 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: when your 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: your 1st 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 1st tune 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tune is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is back 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: back in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in black 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: black by 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: by ac 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: dc good 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: good wednesday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wednesday #hr 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #hr #hrmusicshare 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #hrmusicshare #hrpositive 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i used 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: used amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: get harper 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: harper a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a pete 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pete the 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: the cat 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: cat shirt 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shirt wish 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wish she 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: she could 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: could have 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: have it 
positive: 4
certainty: 4

feature: it in 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: time for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the pete 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cat parade 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: parade tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: from september 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: september 2nd 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 2nd in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in japan 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: japan netflix 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: netflix amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: video hulu 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hulu and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the other 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: other streaming 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: streaming services 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: services already 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: already operating 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: operating which 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: which one 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: one to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to choose 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: turned on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on my 
positive: 4
certainty: 4

feature: @user radio 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: radio and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and got 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: got the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the ronettes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ronettes followed 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: followed by 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i just 
positive: 5
certainty: 4

feature: just might 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: might survive 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: survive thursday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thursday if 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this keeps 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: keeps up 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for sale 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: sale one 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: one general 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: general admission 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: admission ticket 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ticket to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc at 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: at downsview 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: downsview park 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: park on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 10th you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you will 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: will have 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the pleasure 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pleasure of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: re sick 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sick of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of waiting 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: waiting for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a book 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: book to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to come 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: come in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in from 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: from bn 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bn so 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: so you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you ask 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ask your 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: your husband 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: husband to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to order 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: order it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it via 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: via amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime yup 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: yup getting 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: getting it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it saturday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: treat yourself 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: yourself to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to tablettv 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tablettv this 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this bank 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bank holiday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: holiday order 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: order today 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: today with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you could 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user bucket 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bucket list 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: list tour 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tour to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: see ac 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: dc in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in ottawa 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ottawa thurs 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thurs a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a friends 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friends first 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: first trip 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: trip to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to ont 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ont hes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hes 52 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 52 his 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: his bucket 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: list i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: will webcast 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: webcast ya 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user nothing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nothing new 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: new under 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: under the 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: sun history 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: history always 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: always repeats 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: repeats @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user brilliant 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: brilliant article 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: article thanks 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the 13th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 13th the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the series 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: series is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime see 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: see you 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: you all 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: all monday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i know 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: know more 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: more about 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: about ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc concerts 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: concerts than 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: than angus 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: angus young 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: young probably 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: probably remembers 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: remembers and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and im 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: im only 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: only getting 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: getting to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to witness 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: witness it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it live 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: live on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on monday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: monday i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just found 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: found quest 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: quest for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for camelot 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: camelot on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sunday afternoon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: afternoon is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is complete 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tonight i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i spent 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: spent 20 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 20 minutes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: minutes looking 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: looking for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for someone 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: someone with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime so 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: so i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: could order 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: order a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a ouija 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ouija board 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: board for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for friday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday without 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: without my 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mom finding 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: finding out 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: out #adult 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: if ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc has 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a really 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: really successful 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: successful show 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on thursday 
positive: 5
certainty: 4

feature: thursday they 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: they will 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: will get 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a second 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: second show 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: show that 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: that bumps 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bumps one 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the one 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: one direction 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: direction shows 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: entertainment ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc rocks 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: rocks the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: o monday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: monday night 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: night 69 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 1st season 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: season of 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: of hand 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hand of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of god 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: god with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be available 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: available 9 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 9 4 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 4 on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime wtg 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wtg @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user loved 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: loved you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in blacklist 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to speak 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: speak at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user #msapc2015 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #msapc2015 event 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow then 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: then fly 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fly to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to #nyc 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #nyc for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the weekend 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: weekend amp 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amp then 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: then #inbound15 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the field 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: field at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at td 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: td place 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: place as 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: as ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc gets 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: gets ready 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ready to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to play 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: play on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thursday @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: than 24 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 24 hours 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hours to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to make 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: make your 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: your bid 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bid for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the live 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: live auction 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: auction of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of 2 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 2 tickets 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tickets to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: concert this 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this thursday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thursday tickets 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be presenting 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: presenting on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the 4th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 4th i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: will come 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: come we 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: we talk 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: talk about 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: about some 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: some stuff 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a frequent 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: frequent flier 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: flier you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to finally 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: finally get 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: get that 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: that amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime membership 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: membership via 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user #flying 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #flying #amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is anyone 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: anyone going 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at ford 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: ford field 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: field next 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: next tuesday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: young or 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: or old 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: old rock 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: rock fan 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fan or 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: or not 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: not you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you do 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: not wanna 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wanna miss 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: miss ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow #supershow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: grocery delivery 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: delivery services 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: services instacart 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: instacart and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime now 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: now to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the test 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: test in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in this 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this does 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: does it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it work 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: work wednesday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: friday start 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: start your 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: your labor 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: labor day 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day weekend 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: weekend with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with some 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: some led 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: led zeppelin 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: zeppelin aerosmith 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: aerosmith van 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: halen and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc lava 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lava rock 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: rock is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in honour 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: honour of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: big show 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: show we 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: we ll 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: ll play 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: play nothing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nothing but 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tonight on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on our 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: our shop 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shop sound 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sound system 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: system then 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: then again 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: again because 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: because of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: we may 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a couple 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: couple here 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: here the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the 3rd 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: 3rd row 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: row from 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: from the 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: the stage 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stage wearing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wearing a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a tux 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tux and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and long 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: long white 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: white dress 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dress for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc lol 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lol ok 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user good 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: good luck 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: luck to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to all 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: all pitch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pitch battlers 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: battlers may 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: may the 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: best pitch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pitch win 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: look @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i found 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: found the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 1st #snapdragon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #snapdragon phone 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: phone in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in my 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: my stuff 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stuff from 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: from #toshiba 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #toshiba and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: still working 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its cool 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cool outside 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: outside and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and i 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: ve got 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: got ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc playing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: playing inside 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: inside this 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is how 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you adult 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: adult on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: saturday night 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user can 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: can you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you get 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: get me 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: me back 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: back stage 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stage for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on sept 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sept 25th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: merkel europe 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: europe as 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a whole 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: whole must 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: must help 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: help with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with refugees 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: refugees video 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: video via 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user #world 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #world #news 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thank you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for inviting 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: inviting us 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: us to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to join 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: join them 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: them at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the #ibcshow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #ibcshow in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in amsterdam 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amsterdam next 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: next thursday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fun week 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: week ahead 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ahead holiday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: holiday today 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: today ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow and 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: and off 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: off to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to san 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: san diego 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: diego on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thursday for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the lions 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lions opener 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: opener on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on sunday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sunday #funtimes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: field someone 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: someone is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be tired 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tired on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the second 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: second day 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day of 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: of 6th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 6th grade 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: grade #butitshisfavoriteband 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #butitshisfavoriteband m 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: m m 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user wish 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wish you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you were 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: were at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at midway 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: midway i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i would 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: would have 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bought you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a beer 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: beer safe 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: safe travels 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: travels eddie 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: eddie on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on way 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to detroit 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: detroit for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow night 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: night m 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: should you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you upgrade 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: upgrade to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: new os 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: os #windows10 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #windows10 lunch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lunch and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and learn 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: learn in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in #palmcoast 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #palmcoast this 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this wednesday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wednesday sept 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sept 9th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #producers catch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: catch me 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: me in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in dallas 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dallas sept 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sept 12th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 12th at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user event 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event also 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: also at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in #atl 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #atl for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the spot 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: spot beat 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: beat shopping 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: see how 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: how cute 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cute she 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on her 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: her day 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day off 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: off i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: spent my 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my day 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: off in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my pjs 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pjs watching 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: watching the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of survivor 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: survivor on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dc with 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: with family 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: family tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: night in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in detroit 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: detroit rock 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: rock city 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: city lets 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user yep 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: yep ac 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tonight at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: field then 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: then on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a plane 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: plane thursday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thursday to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon this 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: this amazing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazing company 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: company sells 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sells anything 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: anything available 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: available under 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sun including 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: including cloud 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cloud absolute 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: absolute disruption 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just listed 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: listed this 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this book 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: book for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sale on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 3rd edition 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: edition revised 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: revised of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a thorough 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thorough 410 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 410 page 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with my 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my dad 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dad thurs 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thurs night 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: night and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i only 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: only know 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: know thunderstruck 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thunderstruck bc 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bc when 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: when i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i played 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: played boys 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: boys hockey 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hockey we 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: we were 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: were thunder 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thunder aka 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: aka it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: was our 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: our song 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nice the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the man 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: man in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the high 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: high castle 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: castle will 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be on 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: amazon instant 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: instant on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on november 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: november 20th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: deal nexus 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nexus 6 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: 6 drops 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: drops to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to 349 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 349 at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at best 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: best buy 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: buy too 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: too on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on friday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon cut 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cut the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the price 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: price of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the nexus 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 6 across 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: across the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the board 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: board b 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: good news 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: news @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user movement 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: movement will 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be releasing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: releasing us 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: us in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the us 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: us vod 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: vod itunes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon from 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: from oct 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: oct 2nd 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 2nd dvd 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dvd dec 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dec 1st 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 1st all 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: all under 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: under a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: new title 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: title amorous 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: while software 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: software may 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be eating 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: eating the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: world amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon appears 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: appears to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: eating everything 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: everything amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime will 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: will soon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: soon include 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: include free 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: free restaurant 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: restaurant delivery 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user nice 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nice to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to meet 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: meet you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you on 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: on twitter 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: twitter anything 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: anything amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon travel 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: travel related 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: related you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: need we 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: we re 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: re here 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: yes highly 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: highly recommend 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: recommend curiosity 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: curiosity by 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: by amanda 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amanda get 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on google 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: google play 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: play amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon or 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: or other 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: other outlets 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i ordered 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: ordered it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it from 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon should 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it by 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: by friday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just ordered 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ordered several 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: several mongoose 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mongoose from 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: they ll 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my doorstep 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: doorstep tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow morning 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: since its 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its free 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: free on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: prime im 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: im gonna 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: gonna watch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: watch teenage 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: teenage mutant 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mutant ninja 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ninja turtles 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: turtles now 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: now may 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the gods 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: gods have 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have mercy 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mercy on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my soul 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i want 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: want this 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and yes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: yes im 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: im playing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: playing on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon instead 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: instead of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of reading 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: reading for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for class 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: class tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow because 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: because my 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my head 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: head is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is spinning 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dont be 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at night 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: night amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the new 
positive: 3
certainty: 4

feature: new home 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: home shopping 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shopping network 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: network you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you mess 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mess around 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: around amp 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amp have 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have 7 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 7 blenders 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: blenders at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at your 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: your door 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: door on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cnet update 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: update amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be cooking 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cooking up 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: up a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a 50 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 50 tablet 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tablet oh 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: oh my 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my god 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: god welcome 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: welcome back 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: back @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i missed 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: missed you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you so 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: so much 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user trudi 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: trudi @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you have 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: put it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on your 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: your easter 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: easter list 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: list release 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: release date 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: date is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is april 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: april 5th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 5th 2016 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 2016 you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: can preorder 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: preorder on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon #preorder 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #preorder is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is #live 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #live for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for vivid 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: vivid go 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: go pre 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pre order 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: order your 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: your copy 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: copy and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and have 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: your kindle 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: kindle october 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: october 11th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 11th amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon us 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: happiness cause 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cause amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just notified 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: notified me 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: me that 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my bluray 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bluray version 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: version of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of gotham 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: gotham will 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: here tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: omg see 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ll make 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: make these 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: these available 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow as 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: as well 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: had this 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this new 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: new planner 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: planner on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my wish 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wish list 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: list on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon lets 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: lets just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just say 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the way 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: way and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and will 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: here friday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user march 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: march i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: check tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: see if 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: or netflix 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: roses are 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: are red 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: red just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just received 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: received its 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its 10th 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 10th review 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: review on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon double 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: double digits 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: digits d 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: feel you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a date 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: date with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon today 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ordered a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a 64gb 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 64gb nexus 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 6 from 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: couple days 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: days ago 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ago it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just shipped 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shipped and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and should 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: should be 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: here on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: good morning 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: morning 2nd 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 2nd day 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my two 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: two day 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day work 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: work week 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: week and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and then 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: then more 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: more travel 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: travel tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its apple 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event day 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day yay 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: know what 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is event 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event more 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: more exciting 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: exciting than 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: today bit 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bit fest 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fest thursday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thursday amp 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amp friday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in an 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: an unprecedented 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: unprecedented move 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: move apple 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apple is 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: is supporting 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: supporting streaming 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: streaming of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of todays 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: todays event 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a pc 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pc with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with microsoft 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: microsoft edge 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: edge on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on windows 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: here you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you go 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: go @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: what to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to expect 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: expect from 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: from apples 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apples big 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: big event 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event gt 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: gt gt 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: gt fallen 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fallen off 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: off the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the chair 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: chair with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with excitment 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user thems 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thems the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the breaks 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: breaks i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: have made 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: made more 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: more from 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the fire 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fire phone 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: phone than 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: than amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon did 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: email from 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this morning 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: morning tells 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tells me 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: me the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: new @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user book 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: book will 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: arrive on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tuesday looking 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: looking forward 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: forward to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the #narrative 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #narrative on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on #science 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user patch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: patch tuesday 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tuesday incorporated 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: incorporated 56 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 56 fixes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fixes for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for #security 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #security #vulnerabilities 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #vulnerabilities some 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: some with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with active 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: active #exploits 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #exploits insane 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon hiring 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hiring fair 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fair 11 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 11 25 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 25 hr 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: hr with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a shift 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shift differential 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: differential free 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: free transportation 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: transportation benefits 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: benefits september 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 10th 2015 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: goosebumps i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i always 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: always get 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: get before 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: before an 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: an announcement 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: announcement 10am 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 10am it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be streaming 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on apples 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apples website 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: website get 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: get ready 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event starts 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: starts 10 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 10 minutes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: minutes after 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: after i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i get 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: get out 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: out of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of chemistry 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: chemistry i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be sprinting 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sprinting back 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: my dorm 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dorm to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to catch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: may check 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: check with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon for 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: for kindle 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: kindle as 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: as its 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: its screen 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: screen is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is glare 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: glare free 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: free and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and can 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: can be 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be read 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: read in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in sunlight 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sunlight too 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apple fans 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fans todays 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: todays the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: day to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to watch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: watch #appleevent 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #appleevent starts 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: starts at 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: at 1pm 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 1pm est 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: est watch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: watch it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: live at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wait im 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: im so 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: so happy 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: happy i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: can sub 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sub on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: we will 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be live 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: live shortly 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shortly with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with apples 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apples september 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: september 9th 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: 9th iphone 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: iphone and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: more launch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: launch starts 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at 9am 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 9am pst 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pst via 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: like apple 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apple exec 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: exec @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just confirmed 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: confirmed we 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: be seeing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: seeing some 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: some big 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: big screen 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: screen news 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: news today 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: today #appleevent 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: this chick 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: chick bid 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bid on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 1st showcase 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: showcase bunch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bunch of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: of apple 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apple products 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: products rookie 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: rookie mistake 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mistake 2d 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 2d showcase 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: showcase was 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a trip 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: trip a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a tv 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tv and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a car 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: car her 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: her face 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: face was 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: was hilarious 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the same 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: same time 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: time as 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: as the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event nope 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nope test 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: test weapons 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: weapons have 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to wait 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wait until 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: until tomorrow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tomorrow #destinythegame 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #destinythegame #apple 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #apple #appleevent 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: as apple 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apple goes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: goes bigger 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: bigger expensive 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: expensive on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: on tablets 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: tablets i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i had 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: had a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: nice chat 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: chat with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user about 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon going 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: going smaller 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: smaller cheaper 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: rumor has 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: has it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it apple 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is likely 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: likely to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to unveil 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: unveil 3 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 3 new 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: new iphones 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: iphones at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: at their 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: their 9 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 9 sep 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: sep media 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: media event 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event iphone 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: iphone 6s 
positive: 2
certainty: 4

feature: 6s iphone 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 6s plus 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: plus iphone 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: iphone 6c 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: thats what 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: what i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i did 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: did with 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: with mine 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: mine i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: i scoured 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: scoured amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for months 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: months and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and found 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: found a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a deal 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: deal just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: like that 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: that and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and snatched 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: snatched it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it up 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: up so 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: so fast 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 15 minutes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: minutes until 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: until all 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: all of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the android 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: android fanboys 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: fanboys goes 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: goes squealing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: squealing for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the apples 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 9th event 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: out our 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: our live 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: live coverage 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: coverage of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event here 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #appleevent is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: about to 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: to start 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: start watch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: watch apples 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apples live 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: live stream 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stream here 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apples @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user cook 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: cook gives 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: gives an 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: an update 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: update on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the projects 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: projects launched 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: launched in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in june 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: june #applewatch 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #applewatch has 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: has gate 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: gate 97 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 97 satisfaction 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: satisfaction #applelive 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: dont think 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: think they 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: they d 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: d drop 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: drop the 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the album 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: album at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event however 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: however it 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: it may 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: may explain 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: explain them 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: them performing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: performing at 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apple music 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: music event 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in september 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: september a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: apples event 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: event is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is streaming 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: streaming in 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: in stereo 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: stereo may 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: may seem 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: seem minor 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: minor but 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but as 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a audiophile 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: audiophile i 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just love 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: love and 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: and appreciate 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: appreciate this 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user riches 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: riches just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just finished 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: finished #thegirlwho 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #thegirlwho pt2 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: pt2 wow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wow just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just wow 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: wow you 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: you got 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: got a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: date for 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: for part 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: part 3 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 3 yet 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: yet amazon 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: amazon is 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: is saying 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: saying march 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: march 16 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: 16 but 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: but ad 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: ad says 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: says october 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: october 15 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: may just 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: just be 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: the most 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: most shocking 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: shocking moment 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: moment of 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: todays #appleevent 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: #appleevent @user 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: @user doing 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: doing a 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: a demo 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: demo on 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

feature: new #ipadpro 
positive: 1
certainty: 4

